Add server config to disable user registered agents (#4206)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/30-administration/10-server-config.md

WOODPECKER_REPO_OWNERS=my_company,my_company_oss_github_user
```

## Disallow normal users to create agents

By default, users can create new agents for their repos they have admin access to.

> If an instance admin doesn't want this feature enabled, they can disable the registration of new one.

Author: ```suggestion
If an instance admin doesn't want this feature enabled, they can disable the API and hide the Web UI elements.
```

:::note
You should set this option if you have, for example,
global secrets and don't trust your users to create a rogue agent and pipeline for secret extraction.
:::

```env

> WOODPECKER_DISABLE_USER_AGENT_REGISTRATION=true

Author: done
